Oh, okay.
Yeah, stop fighting.
Fight again and die.
If you say don't fight, don't fight.
When you were looking for someone to kill me, why didn't you say something deadly?
Why didn't you say this when you hurt Zhao Yongxiangyu?
Why didn't you say that when you set us up?
I told you, I know I've been attacked by the people of King Zhu Yuan
Please forgive me.
Now you're asking me to forgive you.
You look like that arrogant Seven Family.
Everything that gets me into this cycle of death is because of you, because of you.
Tell me what you know.
If not, I will send you to hell.
I said I said I said it all
Shen Lang, what's going on?
After listening, you will understand everything.
I admit that Truong Dung's story is that I recruited leaks.
There's also recruiting women to kill.
That's me too.
Sea of Clouds Project
I'm wrong. I'm wrong.
Haha, really?
My brother is such a good person.
You destroyed his family.
I'll kill you.
Fix him. Fix him.